---
typora-copy-images-to: ../assets/img
typora-root-url: ../
layout: post
categories: 
conToc: true
title: OWASP

---

# 

# Aplicación Web



Mi aplicación web creada para una cadena de establecimientos hoteleros. Esta aplicación tiene una sección de información donde existe una presenctación interactiva del hotel y de sus servicios e instalaciones. Esta aplicación incluirá tambien acceso con usuario y contraseña para que los clientes que se hospeden en esta cadena de hoteles podrán acumular puntos y canjear diferentes cupones (descuentos,noches gratis, accesos a VIP,etc).



# OWASP

## V1 Architecture, Design and Threat Modeling

### V1.2 Authentication Architecture

1.2.3 Verify that the application uses a single vetted authentication mechanism that
is known to be secure, can be extended to include strong authentication, and
has sufficient logging and monitoring to detect account abuse or breaches.

 L2 ✓ L3 ✓ CWE 306

<blockquote>









## V2 Authentication

### V2.1 Password Security

2.1.6 Verify that password change functionality requires the user's
current and new password.

L1✓L2 ✓ L3 ✓ CWE 620  NIST 5.1.1.2

2.1.8 Verify that a password strength meter is provided to help users set
a stronger password.

L1✓ L2✓ L3✓ CWE 521  NIST 5.1.1.2





## V3 Session Management

### V3.2 Session Binding

3.2.3 Verify the application only stores session tokens in the browser using
secure methods such as appropriately secured cookies (see section
3.4) or HTML 5 session storage.
L1✓ L2✓ L3✓ CWE 539  NIST 7.1



## V4 Access Control

### V4.1 General Access Control Design

4.1.2 Verify that all user and data attributes and policy information used by access
controls cannot be manipulated by end users unless specifically authorized.
L1✓ L2✓ L3✓ CWE 639



## V5 Validation, Sanitization and Encoding

### V5.1 Input Validation

5.1.5 Verify that URL redirects and forwards only allow destinations which appear
on an allow list, or show a warning when redirecting to potentially untrusted
content.
L1✓ L2✓ L3✓ CWE 601



## V6 Stored Cryptography

### V6.1 Data Classification

6.1.1 Verify that regulated private data is stored encrypted while at rest, such as
Personally Identifiable Information (PII), sensitive personal information, or
data assessed likely to be subject to EU's GDPR.

L2✓ L3✓ CWE 311



## V7 Error Handling and Logging

### V7.2 Log Processing

7.2.1 Verify that all authentication decisions are logged, without storing sensitivem session tokens or passwords. This should include requests with relevant metadata needed for security investigations.

L2✓ L3✓ CWE 778



## V8 Data Protection

### V8.1 General Data Protection

8.1.6 Verify that backups are stored securely to prevent data from being stolen or
corrupted.
L3✓ CWE 19



## V9 Communication

### V9.1 Client Communication Security

9.1.1 Verify that TLS is used for all client connectivity, and does not fall back to
insecure or unencrypted communications. (C8)
L1✓ L2✓ L3✓ CWE 319



## V10 Malicious Code

### V10.2 Malicious Code Search

10.2.5 Verify that the application source code and third party libraries do not
contain malicious code, such as salami attacks, logic bypasses, or logic
bombs.
L3✓ CWE 511



## V11 Business Logic

### V11.1 Business Logic Security

1.1.8 Verify that the application has configurable alerting when automated attacks
or unusual activity is detected.
L2✓ L3✓ CWE 390



## V12 Files and Resources

### V12.3 File Execution

12.3.1 Verify that user-submitted filename metadata is not used directly by system
or framework filesystems and that a URL API is used to protect against path
traversal.
L1✓ L2✓ L3✓ CWE 22



## V13 API and Web Service

### V13.1 Generic Web Service Security

13.1.5 Verify that requests containing unexpected or missing content types are rejected with appropriate headers (HTTP response status 406 Unacceptable or 415 Unsupported Media Type).

L2✓ L3✓ CWE 434



## V14 Configuration

### V14.1 Build and Deploy

14.1.1 Verify that the application build and deployment processes are performed in
a secure and repeatable way, such as CI / CD automation, automated
configuration management, and automated deployment scripts.
L2✓ L3 ✓







